The test_crypt.c file tests the functionality of the cryptography implemented on the Cubesat, including encrypt functionality which is not implemented on the Cubesat but can give a guide for how the ground station should implement encryption. All intiialization vectors are completely randomized.

To run: (from Linux, not sure how to run it in Windows but it's probably possible)

 - From the command line, used the commands 
$ make test
$ ./test_crypt

To clean up the test executable and the file generated by the test, use

$ make clean

The test file tests cryptography in four different stages:

testGetPaddedBufSize - Test that the algorithm for calculating the size of a padded buffer works correctly - padded buffers are rounded up to the nearest multiple of 16. If it is already a multiple of 16, it is bumped to the next multiple of 16. IE a 32 byte buffer gets padded to 48 bytes, a 3 byte buffer gets padded to 16 bytes, etc.

testPadBuffer -  Test to see if the buffer actaully gets padded properly by checking the final byte of the buffer - PCKS7 padding pads the buffer with the number of bytes that needed to be added - EG if you pad an nine byte buffer, you'll add seven more bytes, so the buffer will be padded with seven "7"s

testEncryptAndDecrypt - Test to see that a buffer can be encrpyted and decrypted and the result after decryption and encryption is the same as the original message.

testEncryptWriteToFile - Test to see that a string of text can be encrypted and written to a file, then the ciphertext can be pulled out of that file and decrypted and be the same as the original message. This is to simulate a bit of "distance" so that the buffer gets passed to a place outside of the accessible memory in the C program.

